
Welcome to the Instagram API
Begin using the Instagram API to create, publish, and manage content. You can also interact with users by sending and receiving messages, as well as moderating comments. Learn more
If you want to be able to track hashtags and insights, switch to the API setup with Facebook login.
Instagram app name
Repliyo Inbox-IG
Instagram app ID
1127262189526061
Instagram app secret
Instagram app secret
•••••••••
1. Add required messaging permissions
Add the listed content management and messaging permissions to create, publish and manage content and respond directly to messages and send private replies with your Instagram account. Manage these and optional permissions and features on the Permissions and features page.
instagram_business_basic
instagram_manage_comments
instagram_business_manage_messages
2. Generate access tokens
Add an Instagram account to generate access tokens and setup webhook subscriptions. Before proceeding, make sure to assign the Instagram Tester role to the account in the Roles tab.
3. Configure webhooks
Configure a custom webhook URL or use services that help you set up an endpoint. Learn more
To receive webhooks, your app must be in published state.
Callback URL
Verify token

Attach a client certificate to Webhook requests. Learn more.
4. Set up Instagram business login
Provide a secure way for businesses to give your app permissions to access data with business login.
5. Complete app review
Instagram requires successful completion of the app review process before your app can access live data. Go through app review to get advanced access to Instagram permissions. Submit your app review request when you're ready.
About
Instagram API allows you to build applications to publish and engage with content and manage messages on Instagram...See more
Resources
We've gathered some resources to help you start building.
Developer docs
Getting started
Developer community
Policies
By accessing and using the platform, you agree to the Meta Platform Terms and Developer Policies as well as all other applicable terms and policies.
Platform policy
Developer policy
